So to reach that meal detailed screen from inside our category meals screen I'll do basically the same
I did before.
I'll add a button there.
So add a button here on the category meal screen with the title of go to details or whatever you want.
And then we was on press to fire a function when this button is pressed where I will use props navigation
dot navigate using does navigate method to which we have to pass object where we set up our route name
and now our route name has to be one of the identifiers we set up in the stack navigator here.
In this case you want to go to them you'll detail page so I'll use meal detail here and point to this.
So here pointed me you'll detail and we should be good to go if we now save this.
We can go to meals then we can go to the details and you see we get another forward animation we can
go back and back again of course and all of that because this stack of multiple pages is managed under
the hood by a react navigation.